hello public friends of our course who
are the subject to be addressed in this class
will be numbers on the shape of the faustão in
spreadsheet
excel is to arrive than to enter a
number 2 that brings that way so
visit the ravines that a fraction
he already has the 1st of February Tuesday serves
to format comment
we go again in her the akula source
Let's fight for the subway then number
why he also compares in 1361
completely lost in the digital
barradão but excel for serum kilos 10%
face the link we will always do
when he noted that the fraction already determines
they used tanks I just hope to do
discourse to mark this rate
takes our rate from my fourth year there
Let's go, let's go here yesterday.
everything is that it has general category of currency
with
now I can be at the bar when I feel that
this particular birds the choice of
exploitation of the sea and acre of
masculine digit but whose physicists
basterds designed first bedroom
tourist space in your interview that
he gave us down on the 43 because
be careful what the woman will understand
bulhufas the ufa pain pass the staff of
executive because I want to bring shift
afternoon or evening to admit or
let's make a total common calculation equal
to 1/8 which multiplies where the sewer
he made it 4-0 in the middle of the game of the world
equine fans of the faction that
achieved that everything is all the
year
I also managed to so much
interesting noted that the function
uncertain
fraction 1/5 of the
thus overtaken an equal situation
worth 1 to 5 , 7 ie by bullets that
the car important site history of
right
the usual bazaar because email to the
half of 2010 to 580 southern single situation
02 perfect without adding dangerous
when the person consumes 0.7 for certain
not equal to Sunday's luck 10.07
so the two are the same
both are really the people I've had
I thank you for your attention today .
you could take our channel - the
volunteers such